docs: update storybook guide (#5424)
web-infra-dev/modern.js: packages/document/module-doc/docs/en/guide/basic/using-storybook.mdx

Reviewer: we maintained two copies of Storybook for app-tools and module-tools, it would be better if we can only maintain one piece.

Author: ok, I'll think about this

- **Type**: `'webpack' | 'rspack'`
- **Default**: `webpack`

> Specify the underlying build tool to use either Webpack or Rspack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify the underlying bundler to use either Webpack or Rspack.
```
